Only a little bit more to go. Only a
little bit more to go, guys.
We might even be able to just be done
today.
I'll uh
let's do the docker first, I think.
Right.
I can do the docker first if I do it on
the remote machine.
Try this
No CUDA GPUs available
really.
I guess we can grab these experiments
anyways, right?
This is last push before our upcoming
release.
Uh
so we shall see how this goes.
Oh, Puffer is making great progress.
Have you seen Constellation?
Give this a second to pre-process and
I'll show you.
I'm mentally like completely shot from
all the work in the last couple months,
but I mean it's basically one and a half
days left and we should be done be out.
on. This pre-process script is super
slow. I'm not rewriting this though
before um 40.
Yeah, it just needs a few more M and
we're done.
All right,
Terraform only has 20 points. Weird.
Oh, target has 20. Terraform is good.
Boom.
So, it would be nice to run the sweep a
little bit more on the um the faster
box,
but we have the 4.3 params.
>> with all the bad experiments filtered
out because that's too much data for the
website.
build dash d.
Uh, wait. Docker ps.
We don't want to rebuild this one, do
we?
If I could rebuild my local hardware
setup, honestly, the biggest thing is
don't buy Intel chips and buy Noctua
fans
Also, don't stick Debbie on it. That's
troll.
I stick a bun224 on him and call it a
day.
Oh, you idiot.
Hang on. I'm like losing my mind.
I don't know why this has pseudo like
this requires pseudo perms.
The [ __ ] is wrong with G?
Stay away from ROMC. Oh yeah, that's
like giga troll. That's not even a
question yet, man. That [ __ ] just
doesn't work.
Okay.
Now on this machine
hardware is cheaper,
doesn't run CUDA, right?
I think they've been pretty obtuse about
having their software be reasonable.
I don't plan on beta testing their
hardware for them.
I never get mad at people asking new
questions when they're trying to learn
[ __ ]
Particularly not with the type of stuff
you're asking.
I mean, it just comes down to, right,
wanting to beta test hardware or not,
right? Like, is it worth my time to try
to buy boxes for like $3,000 or $4,000
instead of six or $7,000
and then have to troubleshoot them a
bunch and maybe even not get them
working. I mean, I guess I could buy one
of them to see if it's worth it, but
like, eh, who knows? Um, like the tiny
boxes for instance, they've been great,
but I was really annoyed that I had to
spend three days of my time um, like
just basically troubleshooting them to
get them to even run. It was really
stressful. It was total [ __ ] And like
honestly, in three full days of time,
that's basically the cost of the tiny
boxes. Um,
so yeah.
Now they've been great ever since and
we've run lots of really nice
experiments on them.
The hardware situation is really messed
up honestly at the moment with Nvidia
like
One of their chips that's like 30 or
$40,000 is slower than one of their
chips that is $3,000
Yeah, exactly. The companies always say
that their [ __ ] works,
which is really annoying that they've
kind of figured out that they can just
not build their stuff and like correctly
and they can just lie because then when
we build our stuff and it actually
works, everybody goes, "Oh, look, one
more thing that works in an ocean of
things that works." Not realizing that
actually very few things work as
described
really. Oh man. Like half the stuff you
read on Twitter, it seems like, oh, look
at all these amazing companies raising
hundreds of million dollars like solving
all these problems and then most of them
it's all vaporware.
It's like idiots writing for loops over
LLMs. Nothing actually works.
Even in academia, most of the papers
published don't even work.
But you have to actually know that in
order to be able to judge things
correctly.
The eye papers are a meme. I mean, at
this point, you don't like you can get
published in nature without even writing
anything that works.
You get all sorts of invitations. All
you have to do is exaggerate your stuff
and do something semi-hype sounding. And
there are absolutely no repercussions.
So, tons of people do it.
But that is not a good reason to stop
trying to build real things.
It's just really freaking hard.
20 a year that are even worth reading
20 if that in RL it's way less than 20
in RL there's like singledigit number of
interesting things per year
if we get a handful of like actually
useful things that's Great.
Hey, John.
Yeah, Twitter's really bad. I honestly I
need to stop looking at it, but like h
there's all this stuff coming up with
the release and I got to tease stuff and
it's like algorithmically super
addictive. It's kind of [ __ ] It's okay.
We have new real things happening soon.
We have actually real things. It's
pretty cool.
I want to see
John. Have you beaten the fight caves
yet? Because I want to see it beat the
fight caves on a pure next.
I think that'll be fun. I've done it. I
know it's doable.
Do you think there'll be another step
function jump from a new architecture?
Uh, new algorithm. We have plans. There
will be another step function jump for
RL.
Transformers RL skilling. Oh, that [ __ ]
I don't even think that they're barking
up the right tree.
I think that they're going to basically
either have to come up with something
new or they're going to just like claim
to have made AGI. Well, obviously the
world has not dramatically changed
overnight and things kind of look mostly
the same but with some more kind of
crappy automation that breaks sometimes.
Regardless, the RL we are doing will
actually work. It will be used to solve
some pretty cool stuff.
Honestly, I think you're going to get
more exciting stuff now out of the U
small model RL than out of language
models. Not the flashy stuff that's
like, oh, so many billions of dollars of
investment for, you know, AI for dogs,
but stuff that actually matters.
dude. What is wrong with this?
What is wrong with this?
delusional thinks they can do it.
I mean, if I told you two years ago that
I was going to take the field of RL for
like small model RL that thousands of
people have been working on um and I was
going to just make it like thousandx
plus faster and I was going to solve
tons of tasks that take hours and
seconds on your local desktop. Like that
sounds insane and I've done that.
The only thing I tell people is it's
like you're not going to do it by like
typing [ __ ] into an LLM. You're going to
actually have to deeply learn and
understand things
and develop real knowledge. But if you
do that,
there are many many places you can find
that you can do a lot of stuff that yes,
people did literally just miss it.
So I generally think that you need to if
you want to make a very large impact as
one person, unless you're a just
bonafide genius,
you kind of need to come at the problem
in a way that nobody else has come at it
before.
You know, you can't just say, "I'm gonna
try the exact same problem in the exact
same way as these thousand people, but
I'm gonna actually do it correctly."
Because like one of those thousand
people would have gotten lucky at some
point, even if they weren't that smart,
right? Um,
you kind of have to do it in a way that
like, yeah, these thousand people didn't
even try it this way.
Let's see, you can make some cool
breakthroughs.
Well, the one thing that you definitely
need to be careful there is that you
you build something that can actually be
hardware efficient or there can be built
hardware for which it is efficient,
right?
Like for instance, I could probably
reasonably scale genetic algorithms at
this point if I wanted to. I don't think
it would be better though. I think it
would be much worse.
because you're still optimizing a reward
signal. So unless you have a different
objective to optimize for that you can't
RL and you can genetic AL for some
reason. But that doesn't even make
sense, right? Cuz RL already does
non-ifferiable objectives. That's the
whole point.
for live full time.
I've been working on it full time for
two years and I'm going to keep going
until I have the field solved.
By that I mean I think we're like we're
about one year away maybe less now from
having stable RL that just works out of
the box on problems that would take
large teams months or years
and with not very much compute at all.
SQLite 3 not found.
Add this to apt
Joseph with the next year I wanted the
question how are you sure about Nurmo
and then hang on into it now until
almost solving it.
I've played a lot of MMOs or rather I
spent a lot of time playing a few MMOs
very deeply and then a little bit of
time on a lot of other ones.
And to me, it's, if you watch my thesis,
I explain in my thesis defense a lot
more. It's a perfect world sim. You have
a very complex environment with a ton of
self-contained tasks that you can do and
learn to do with connections between
them. You have multi-agent incentives of
competition and collaboration.
You have realistic forces of supply and
demand that can create a real economy.
You have specialization to specific jobs
and roles. You really have a lot of the
cognitive challenges of the real world
in this sort of virtual sim world. And
of all the games and all the things out
there, this is the one that the games
industry spent decades making very
efficient to run. So you can actually
run this at very large scale and you can
simulate thousands of years worth of
data very, very quickly. So, it's really
just the perfect combination of elements
for AI research. Now, the only problem
is they're very complicated and they're
not optimized to the point that you
would need for AI normally, which is why
my PhD was difficult. Um,
and there were so so so many questions
back then. So many more things were
unclear then compared to now. But the
highlevel vision of it really never
changed.
You know, that was really never a big
question on my mind. There were a couple
things like, you know, how do you get
around this exploration or that
exploration task without reading a
manual and we still have to deal with a
couple of those. So, I had maybe a few
doubts about a couple of things in the
project, but I think the through line
has always been the same.
I actually don't know what the [ __ ]
that's causing that.
Oh, it works.
Okay. So you just need to be the
container needs to be run with SSH-X.
You can't like just build it and run it
and then go back.
All right, that's nice. That works. What
else do we need to test?
We can try and break out slowly with
torch.
Slowly is 4 mil SPS. By the way, 4 mil
SPS is slow for puffer.
It's about the same speed as um puffer
puffer three.
Not bad.
Okay. If you do eval slowly,
it works.
Oops. Hang on. I can't tell if that's
someone knocking or not.
Constellation literally works and it's
usable over SSH.
Um, my keyboard stopped working
like
completely randomly. I can't type
anything.
What the [ __ ]
Everything else works.
Huh? Excuse
Um, yeah, it doesn't work. I like I
literally can't do
anything.
the buttons on it. And now it works
again.
That was bizarre.
Hello, Jess.
Check this out. Boom. Constellation
over SSH.
Well, we testing.
Let's go.
What else we testing?
Uh
Huh?
Oh, hang on. I think that I can't tell
if that's somebody knocking some
maintenance today.
I get coffee anyways.
And he's got his hand shoved in your
neck.
Oh jeez,
that is horrifying.
That looks so simple, but I guarantee
you it's hell.
What's the plan?
I'm going to chill for a bit and add
some stuff to four.
And then I'm going to do five. And five
is algorithmic.
Five is algo work.
R put the 55 million a step up per
second
very fast.
Okay,
I like it.
Will you accept M's for five? Then
uh
during the window in which I am cleaning
up and porting all of the M's into four
and I have not started a serious dev on
five, I will accept M's to four that
don't [ __ ] up our build system or do
anything fancy. Afterwards,
M's go to five.
We're not going to have this [ __ ] where
it's like one or two months out from
release and people are PRing stuff to uh
to Four.
There you go.
That's probably a bot I just said.
I will be this dude soon with the three
plate bench. Is it three or is he got
more on there?
Oh, [ __ ] Easy.
Yeah, that's strong.
Won't be doing that.
Maybe for one.
What? You can't even Now there's not
even like a not interested [ __ ]
What is this
big walrus 3901?
This is Puffer Lib. Um, I am two days
out from a gigantic launch after
grinding for eight months on this thing.
So, my brain is jelly. But the quick
version of this is that we train small
AI models through interaction. You can
train them in seconds on your home
desktop with even a very low-end GPU.
And I'm currently cleaning stuff up for
the release so things are not broken on
launch.
and I stream all the development
and I've been streaming some of the more
boring launch work lately to stay sane.
Play some Runescape Liberty. It's going
to be play some Runescape, uh, make sure
nothing is on fire and lift a bunch of
weights and run. That's going to be what
I do.
I've basically only been benching for
the last couple weeks.
Bench is pretty good though.
Uh, the very very slow version works on
Apple chips.
There is a fallback that should work on
Mac.
I actually need some uh some Mac users
to test it
soon.
Um,
build
Wait, didn't I fix that arch bug?
Arch is not
I guess we'll just see if it's slow or
some [ __ ]
what is wrong with the algorithm. Like
this thing is supposed to be for
research and it just slowly clogs stuff
with random garbage until this thing is
just like a maximally algorithmically
optimized dog shed. Go away. Go away. Go
away.
Okay, this is pretty good.
Ah, this would be so much fun to RL.
There's this like limited time Runescape
game mode that's launching in a couple
of weeks
and uh it's like accelerated experience
and a ton of different custom tasks.
In my mind, like that type of stuff
would be so cool for RL.
I mean, it does line up pretty nicely
with uh you know, the release being
cleaned up.
I think I need to unfollow some people
cuz like it also it doesn't just show
you following people. It shows you
following comments and crap too and
reposts.
and 20 bill and sweep fails because of
it. RIP.
It's okay. 20 bill will be very fast
soon.
Self play chest is fast. New arch. Close
enough. It's worth it for
uh Jess. One thing you could do is you
could optimize the computation of the
encoding in the environment potentially.
I mean, there's no reason we should not
have chess going like 5 mil plus SPS
minimum.
Uh, I have to just like not cash this,
right?
I should write in llm's.ext. That'd be
funny.
Oh, at least more of the algorithm is um
check immediately.
this takes forever, doesn't it?
Cuz it pre-builds everything. But this
is worth it. This pre-build all
X and when
what's the point?
Where do we get the actual research on
the timeline? Like
there's so little actual research.
I actually had um
a couple of Elon's cousins
chatted with me
year and a half ago when I was in Palo
Alto. I went into the X office and
stuff. They wanted me to like they
wanted to convince me to do stuff for
the algorithm and like I kind of just
looked at all the legacy stuff that they
had and I went like I think I'm going to
stay working on Puffer Lib. I think this
is going to be more important.
George made an internship.
Oh yeah.
I remember that thing. That was
Oh yeah. I remember that thing. That was funny.
funny.
I mean, look, at some point when you are
given a really big mess of a codebase,
like there's just nothing one person can
do anymore. It's literally just more
crap than you can even read.
Like, the stupid clawed code app is
apparently 500,000 lines of code when it
should be like 5,000.
house is clawed for coding. It's awful.
Very, very bad.
It has a bunch of information about
random esoteric [ __ ]
Like I didn't know that you had to mount
Ccash. That doesn't make any bloody
sense to me.
don't like it. It's way better that you
learn things on your own. It's very
useful. Um, it's very useful for some
stuff.
It really has no idea how to write
decent code, though.
You'll see depending on what I'm doing,
I use it more or less.
I don't think Claude's made like a
single architectural decision. in this
release.
It's done like tons of little cleanups
and tons of tiny things, like tons and
tons and tons and tons of things that
add up, but like the all the big
decisions about everything. Um,
all those were mine
and not like the just like dumbass at a
spec level whatever. No, I mean like
module by module, function by function.
Like everything there is my design
and a lot of it to be fair I've edited
and manually cleaned up and all that.
I like GPU fish flocking.
Look how cool that looks.
Anything that's GPUs and fish is good in
my book.
See, it doesn't cash the [ __ ] build.
It's still slow.
I wonder if the GPU thing that that
other guy had was just this with a
wrapper on it.
Wait, that takes [ __ ] two seconds to
refresh.
Verify the docker line reads
target equals
root dcache. It does.
Very good.
Oh, is it caching multiple?
Uh,
what do I know works? A mobile.
Huffer is working on apple chips using
the fallback.
yes it is.
If anybody wants to help me test with
MPS, by all means.
Oh, it actually makes a difference.
Would you be interested in trying that
and pring the latest 40? The 40 branch
is pretty stable. I'm at this point I'm
just messing with like minor build stuff
cuz at the moment we just have the CPU
fallback for that. But like it should be
if you can like just add MPS without
adding a bunch of crap, which you should
be able to do. We're not doing anything
fancy. We don't even use torch compile
or anything. Um, you should be able to
use MPS,
which I guess is at least reasonable.
Obviously, our native um our native
stuff is not going to be able to run
uh on the Apple chips, but the torch
fallback, at least using MPS sounds
reasonable to me.
I'm not going to do it for um
like the Vec environments or anything. I
think that would be too much MPS crap,
but I think just like the torch ops and
MPS would be reasonable.
On Nvidia chips, we solve breakout in
under 5 seconds.
It's probably this is the issue. So if
it doesn't work again.
tied up. Yeah, it's fine. If we get a PR
shortly after 40 release, I'll merge it.
Um well if it is then it's not really
doing very much for them because all the
labs are pretty like closely matched.
Yeah, you can't pre-build everything.
See, this is what I mean. Like,
it didn't realize that at all that this
thing made no sense.
And even though it has all the facts and
I don't have all the facts, I realized
it first.
That's the problem, right?
What the goal of today's stream is
stable, install, clean up, finish
articles, be ready for release,
don't break [ __ ]
fix little stupid [ __ ]
dude. Did their website just get really
bad? Like what's wrong with this [ __ ]
Why can't I mark? She is not interested.
Good.
Direct SSH ship.
Very nice.
Activated conduv.
That's disgusting.
You should be ashamed of yourselves
Yeah, I'm updating Puffer Tank. Hey,
Kell.
I'm trying to make this Docker nice and
stable and then I'm trying to get a
standalone script.
probably no screen, right? Yeah, that's
fine.
Don't let me forget to stop that
instance soon.
remember.
No, we're not going to do that, my guy.
Upper box
entry point
Uh, he totally is.
He's very smart, but he's getting a
little caught up.
Why doesn't LSTM state need to be reset
on terminals equals one?
Uh it is something that we should
explore a bit. We have not done that.
That's like a very large change that we
have to test a bunch of stuff to do
that. The short answer is it was not
computationally efficient to do that in
the torch version and um we didn't
explore that specific thing with 40.
It'll be something we do quite early in
5, I'm sure.
Okay. Docker
entry point. It's pretty simple, right?
Cool.
Docker is pushed.
Fast instance is
one.
That cost me a double. Not even.
RNN with no reset is exploration. You
can technically learn stuff across
boundaries, Finn. Like, yes,
it really depends on the problem setup
to be honest. Like there are problems
where you don't want to reset it at the
bounds.
It's kind of awkward because there are
problems where like you do want to set
terminals, but you definitely don't want
to reset the state.
Uh you just use truncation in that case.
Yeah, except we don't have truncation
if you haven't noticed.
All right.
Uh, we finished the install in Docker
crap.
So,
what is left for the puffer to be done?
Any ideas peoples?
What else we got to do for the puffer?
articles. Couple little things there
and docs, I'd imagine.
How did it become 400 p.m.
Man, my brain is like
gone,
gone, gone.
Momentum warm up
and logic capping.
Later blocks can now directly access
values in the first block
H
warm up. This is actually nice. This is
killer, right?
Yeah, this is killer.
I got to make like a a nice list for
myself.
Oops.
So we have like uh LSTM state set
uh Mel
scaling
mark Keller
PT
latest tricks
uh
N
guess
after
lots of things.
Ner GP. Yeah. So, his work has been
useful in the past.
Am I not following Killer?
Oh, that's a very deserved follow right
there.
I met him in SF one time as well.
Is this fin? Oh, this is a different
fin.
That's not our finer
golf.
No, not that thing.
I didn't see what the hell it was
different constraint.
I mean this I don't know what their
thing is. The nano GPT stuff in
particular was very good.
Invert. I'm going to have to unfollow
this crap. Like my guy, you can't.
It's just constant constant.
Like you got to have a separate account
for the non-technical stuff.
I don't care if it's a non. I don't care
what stuff you're posting. Like free
country, but it's the way that the
stupid algorithm works. The algorithm is
too dumb to know that I follow you for
your technical stuff. If they fix the
algorithm, it would be fine.
All right, here's what we'll do. We'll
do a couple things on the docks
and um
Yeah, we'll do a couple things on the
docks real quick.
unconstrained by data compute steps or
architecture.
Yeah, see that's shitty. That's [ __ ]
worthless.
Parameter constraint is a worthless
objective.
lowest time given constraint laws. Yeah.
So the one that you obviously want is
the nano GPT1.
Last
data.
uh that I also don't care about like
fixed data set is fine I think for some
stuff
but There
Who knew that casual
context only positions
prequant Adam Wrime
[ __ ] is that
free quant want
Adam WTH.
Hello, welcome. Um, the current thing at
the moment, we're just cleaning up the
docks for release for uh Puffer 4.
Okay. What do we do now? Fix the
articles.
I actually was opening X for a good
reason, wasn't I? It was for the
articles.
Let's go get the screenshot for the
trailer.
Where's the fish?
Where's my fish?
Oh, wait. [ __ ] We had to edit it in,
didn't we?
wait 160.
So let's add one and subtract.
Open
the file browser.
Come on. This goes
into
Google Drawing,
the world's best image editor.
Um, page setup.
Is the text like shitty or is it just
me?
Probably it is shitty because it's
scaled, isn't it?
Okay, that's nice.
And then the puffer.
This would match the uh the white. I
think that's probably what we want,
right?
It was misaligned.
It looked misaligned because it was
misaligned.
And then the fish is slightly offset. So
yeah. Okay.
doing graphic design in Google Docs.
It's Google drawings. Give me some
credit.
All right. This is the actually this is
the best design tool.
All the good designers are using it.
All right. What do we think? We got
oxygen.
Wait, we got Monserat. We got
cabin.
kind of like cabin.
It's clean.
Yeah, Google has a drawing tool.
Cabin should be bigger.
I think Monserat is just bigger.
I mean, we can see how it looks in the
preview.
You want this for the end article?
I think this is the release image,
right?
Oh jeez.
Oh, the horrors. The horrors of opening
a file browser.
And I have to force quit freaking
the horrors of opening a file browser
in the year 2026. We can't do it. We
need a superco computer.
The 4090 cannot handle basic
anything.
I think I got to change the layout for
um the X article cuz they do super wide
form.
I think I got to do this, right?
Unfortunately, bet it's because that's
where the views are coming from.
Solid.
Yeah, this one needs an image.
This one has an image.
Nice.
Open.
This is a cool
Oh, is this an AI image?
Yeah, this is just an AI image, right?
Not an actual UI of anything.
See, stuff like this looks cool, but
then making stuff like this that's
actually useful, it doesn't always work.
Constellations about as close as we've
been able to get.
Come on, Discord. We can save images.
Portal.
Apparently, this is what Discord is
saving the image as.
Where's puffer? There's no three
article.
It just does a web search for live
stream hours. That's so funny.
Can I get it from the dashboard? I don't
think I can, right?
Do I have to run it on Linux and my
environments have to be coded in C?
Windows workstation and I write my Sims
in Python. So, uh, with Puffer 3, you
can write your Sims in Python. Uh, they
will be much slower than if you write
them in C, but it's a decent first step.
uh you can run them from Windows if
you're running through WSL. We don't do
native Windows because WSL exists and it
gives you almost native Linux and
Windows. We have seen up to a 25%
performance hit versus native Linux, but
it does work. Um with Puffer 4 upcoming,
yes, everything is in C, but the
trade-off is you can train at up to 20
million steps per second uh on a single
5090. So, ludicrous ludicrous amounts of
performance. And if you look at some of
the C that we have, it's really basic C,
like first two weeks of your first
systems course, level C.
Do I just have this on my dashboard? I'm
trying to figure out some statistics for
the release.
Maybe I just have this on my dashboard.
Hang on.
And I just like figure out my total
streaming hours,
I don't know why it's doing it's like
searching random crap.
Trying to figure out where it's just
listed like anywhere.
Yeah. total streamed to hours from this
date.
It's just making a bunch of stupid web
calls for absolutely no reason. Surely
there's a YouTube API
for this
and it'll from Twitch is fine. Oh,
actually that's kind of clever. I could
do it from Twitch, couldn't I?
Maybe I can do it from Twitch.
No, see this is the wrong one. This is
the number of hours people have watched
my content, not the number of hours that
I have. Um,
I have streamed
But wait, 60 hour month? No, I've had
60. I've had like that in a week.
So, this is not catching everything.
Yeah. See, it's the other one is
completely wrong.
One of them has me like it's just missed
all my streams.
stream charts,
refuse to Connect.
Okay, let's see this this thing.
So, I have this one says I only stream
32 24 hours. This is completely [ __ ]
wrong.
The April 3rd. Yeah, this is completely
26.
So we'll go from July.
97.
Yeah. See, it doesn't range
correctly.
YT dip.
659 streams
since total or since July uh June, what
was it? June 26th or June 23rd.
Download the metadata.
Let's see if that gives a reasonable
number.
197 streams. Does that sound Yeah, that
sounds about right.
Okay, so this is like [ __ ] Just
[ __ ] useless piece of [ __ ]
Uh,
let me see if there's another one of
these.
live viewers.
This it
I guess it we could just do
we could just do this.
456 Oh [ __ ] I did it wrong.
Damn it.
I'm an idiot.
All right. It's actually very easy
though to fix this cuz all I have to do
is
here 90
Wait, is it just minus 196? Cuz it's the
start of April, right?
So if I just do minus 190. So minus 196
- 200.
But it's actually not picking up
everything because it says over 550
streams clipped.
I think it might even be underestimating
it.
Okay, I'll use over 500. Do you let me
know if it's more
Oh, we need to get the uh the tokens,
right?
Uh the obs numbers.
We're just doing super super basic
stuff.
Look at all the follows.
I mean, this is just from crap content
keeping the um the channel warm.
Okay.
So, 112 bill.
That's funny.
That makes sense though.
So wait, this is 12 trillion steps of
experiments.
Am I reading this right?
About 12 trillion steps of experiments.
snake and sea. That's 90% of what's
needed for puffer.
Uh we literally have snake and sea as
one of the environments.
It's multi-agent fun snake though. Could
technically run it with one snake if you
wanted
Jeez.
Wait. So, it is 900 hours
during that duration. That is closer to
what I would have expected.
Can you look at it to make sure that's
reasonable? So, I put the right number.
Do you have a curve fever? End. I do not
know what curve fever is, so I'd assume
not.
Exabytes,
right?
No, pabytes.
Wait, it's PA and then Exa, right? Is it
Exabytes or Pabytes?
Exabyte is wait a thousand p. So it is
pabytes
right?
Yeah it's pabytes.
Okay.
So,
where does that leave us?
I should put the constellation
image in, right?
I could just go get a new screenshot of
it.
It looks Does it look better with the
parrito filter? I wonder. I think maybe
if I just do like this.
so that this one,
the pretty one, comes first.
I don't know what the [ __ ] had happened
there.
What data are you looking?
Oh, yeah. We already got that stuff,
man.
Oh yeah, we can put the solve gift,
can't we?
Let's let me record this actually.
It'll be good.
232 streams.
Okay. 900 plus hours.
Dude streams almost every day.
That's funny.
All right. Uh, this one gets I wish you
could drag these stupid things.
Hey man, how you doing? I'm doing pretty
good. I'm exhausted,
but the release is basically done.
We're basically done.
Done.
All done with this.
Okay.
I'm going to go grab dinner in a second
here. Um,
so
I'm trying to think if I need to stream
after this.
What else would we work on here?
Starting thesis in a few months. Doing
an RL. Lost on how where to start.
I got you, man.
All my best advice for RL is right here.
And we have a pretty awesome RL toolkit
coming out on Monday.
What's the ideal way to log episode data
for each batch? We'll only do it for
each 100th episode. Will logging each
binary action slow down training at all?
Yes, it will slow down training a ton.
Um, that's a lot of data. We'll need
this for demoing.
Wait, the ideal way to log episode data.
Wait, what do you mean for demoing? Is
this for the um Wait, is this for the
fight caves?
I'm confused.
That was you, wasn't it? The fight caves
end.
Followed. Thank you.
Yeah, this is um we have like four more
articles coming out next week. You
caught us right right at the cusp of a
crazy new launch. Actually, here I'll
demo it for you real quick. Watch this.
How long you think it takes to solve
Breakout from scratch? Oops. Let me get
the uh the -ash X on this so I can
actually render it.
How long do you think it learns takes to
learn Breakout?
Don't hold your breath. Actually, you
can totally hold your breath cuz you'll
be fine.
And here you go. This is a model that
plays the full game. It'll solve the
whole thing.
My plan was to basically use the demo
env as a replay env. I have a headless
training env and a head a headed demo
env.
Basically use the demo env as a replay
end. But what do you need the replays
for?
Like you can just run puffer eval and
it'll render for you. It'll render the
policy doing it.
When will we get Sims and environments
on useful things rather than old retro
games? See, so this is where the entire
field went wrong. Um, it turns out that
the games we solve are harder than most
of the tasks that we solve for our
clients. Isn't that amusing? Like
getting a policy that is good at playing
2048 or solving mazes or many of these
other ones is a lot harder than training
a policy that can fly a drone or drive a
car.
Neural MMO way harder than driving uh
for learning from the learning side of
things. Terraform way harder.
We build MS professionally in finance,
commerce, gaming, of course, a little
bit of stuff in defense. We've got some
drones now. We've got puffer flying
actual drones as well.
See, people think we do games because we
can't do anything else, but actually we
do games because they're really easy to
understand what is happening. And when
you're developing fancy algorithms, it
turns out that knowing what on earth is
going on and if your thing is even
working is really important.
So there you go.
We like breakout specifically because
breakout is the simplest environment uh
that is still usually fairly indicative
of whether you're doing the right thing.
So if you introduce a major learning
bug, it'll typically make it so that you
don't learn Breakout. Anything that is
simpler than this, you can have crazy
major bugs and it'll still learn.
Breakout's kind of like the minimum
threshold. And uh since it trains in
only a few seconds, it's great for
testing stuff. And of course, if it
works there and we want to test it on
more stuff, we have a whole hierarchy of
tasks that we know um if you do well on
those, you do well everywhere.
log the right data to replay in demo
end. Yeah, John, I don't know if you
need to be doing that
like eval will just show the policy.
What's the name of the file? Are you on
puffer 3 or puffer 4? Cuz on puffer 4,
it's just in puffer. You just run puffer
eval on your end and you do load model
path latest or whatever and it just
loads the policy and it evals it.
There's also the standalone demo if you
want the human playable version and that
just builds from the C's with D-L or
D-fast
uh three then yeah it's it's the same
thing right it's puffer eval your model
like your environment load model path
latest
it's just in puffer out.
You're just trying to see your policy
playing the game, right? That's all it
is. If you've set up your um you know,
your environment render and everything,
it'll just work from there.
The um I think the environment tutorial
on the website covers it.
working on classic Dr. Mario games. Can
I take help from Kyouong? Worked on
Tetris. Kind of a character.
Can't similar mechanically.
Uh,
wait. Dr. Mario.
Oh, this. Yeah, you can. I mean, it'll
be pretty similar. You just implement
You have to implement your own version,
obviously, for it to be fast.
Why have I never seen this?
I'm
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, I remember
this thing. Cool.
That's a perfectly reasonable first
environment.
All right, guys. I got to go. Um, I
think I will stream after dinner. I'm
not positive. Is there stuff left to do?
There's got to be stuff left to do,
right?
A couple things surely. Maybe the
readmes, maybe the docs a little bit.
Maybe if folks are around after dinner,
we'll get feedback on the docs like,
"Hey, what do you want documented?" And
I'll do that. We'll see. Um, but for
everyone who's new around here,
puffer.ai is where all the things are.
Feed the puffer star on GitHub. It
really does help. Free. Join Discord if
you want to get involved and follow me
at this link will be updated soon. Just
Juarez. No more numbers.